friends welcome to cnec and how are you?
asked today's tutorial to grow well
so learn
so come on, the first thing that I
I want to tell you, it's dirty black.
do not have to do so there are three
one with practical options that they
piece of paper put it under the eye day
are appropriate for this purpose, so that everything
the black meat gets paper you take away
another option can put part of the eye the
baby powder
I do not know where the shadow's black haired is going.
fall in this powder and then save and has
the last option that is my favorite
I 'm very worn out if that
It's already a matter of worrying.
with nothing left fell pretim in the eye
then moistened wipe to
Take this advantage and help here at
format in the corner of the eye and pass
corrective to finish
I always felt when we spent a
that she did not have much
Drive it when I want too
very black
I spent gloomy stay the way I
I wanted to stay a little foggy.
ready
then to give more movement to the
pass a pencil first before the shadow
all calm and do not expect a
Turn that will not get bad there is an option
Good cause they're creamier.
possible that you will have spread
china is so bad
without fear can serve whole eyelid
without fear of being happy and without fear of
to be horrible with always loving
smart ass
when you want it darker
it looks like I got punched in the eye
Now we'll pay it, it 'll mark
so solid way I'll use the brush
mineral sheron of the strain to achieve
spread this bug do not worry
much in the format of this base that the
people are creating because really only
to be a basis for later when he
pass the black shadow is well're pretão
so important now is you being able to
to spread as much as you can
get up lifting just a little bit
concluded by making another eye
now we go up and pretend 5
Why I'll use it is the blackout of nike
to the band following key with the same brush
Whatever I was using, I'll get it.
It haunts the line a lot and
bay
and now with the sigma top brush and
25 flights shoot and start creating
frankly formatted eye catch again
blackout
just this
I also like to smoke with a
a little brown because it gives a certain
lightness in the corner and helps and killed himself in
I'll pass the stick then and also
the same palette with my top and 25
There are no problem situations yet.
black
to the bottom and needs a
brush retinha so ask for help
in the application
I'll get the mak blackout and I'll
to control
as you may have noticed here in the
At last I joined with our
estimated to create one thing only
now I'll pass my pencil even though I
I used the base that I forgot to talk to
she is not
is school revenge in the inner part
of
Wow
before passing the mascara on top down
I'll clean with it, if I decide to
I messed down here and enjoy and
give a shit here
the collective I'm going to use today damha
quinlan pretty white bag here because
I want it to be very clear.
under the eye to highlight the
chest that I put again I do not
I use this collective on a daily basis because I
I found it very heavy and stayed bedridden.
so it's good to use it only at night, I go
apply using 1,190 machine
now just pass on the name of your
preference
If you like to be this post, this is
a good time to use it because you have
but although we'll even get it
appear and if it is so black I will use it only
died because I prefer
I think I use the medium where color is always
Bad said he using my was the topic
in the brush to pass the calls of the
half a mile from the top of the
button when I exaggerate
Look, it's dark, I prefer it.
a lighter color then I'll pass
my always helping them all go
the tutorials nec
he had not yet had his eye done
I hope you enjoyed
happened yumi break strip